# Society-game
This is a simulation game that has repercurssions in the real world.It can be played by 3 to 10 people and involves drinking (in the real world) and rolling a die(un zar)  (using the source code). As players follow the instructions that the program displays, some of the players have to drink and some don’t (according to the rules that the program displays at the start). The program also counts how many drinks every had. Players can drink whatever they want, it is just their RESPOSABILITY.(of course, drinking can be replaced by other actions, but that’s how I designed the idea.) 
Firstly, the rules of the game are shown. Then, the numbers of players is required, their names and after that their genders (a mininimum of 7 variables and a maximum of 21 introduced from the keyboard) . Each of this readings has a specific function. In the real world the players must be arranged in circle.
Secondly, the game starts with the first player who rolls the die; depending on the number that was rolled, a  set of predefined actions happen. Then, the second player roll the die; as the number is shown something has to happen…and so on, until the last player rolls the die. After every rolling the amount of drinks that each player had is counted. These predefined actions, as told, depend on number that was rolled, to be more precise  if the die it lands on 1 -> nothing happens; if it lands on 2 -> the one who threw the die drinks; if it lands on 3 -> the one sitting on the left of the one who threw the die drinks;  if it lands on 4 -> the one sitting on the right of the one who threw the die drinks; if it lands on 5 -> all boys drink and if it lands on 6 -> all girls drink.
When a round  is completed (every player has rolled the die) there comes up a few options: 1. to play another round, 2. to see how many drinks each player had had and to play another round, 3. to end the game and display how many drinks each player had had. 
In the end, the program displays a nice message written with “#”.
